sysvar: correct a wrong sysvar default value (#12357)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `2`
- Range: `[1, 2]`
- Controls the format version of the newly saved data in the table. In TiDB v4.0, the [new storage row format](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/master/docs/design/2018-07-19-row-format.md) version `2` is used by default to save new data.

> - If you upgrade from a TiDB version earlier than 4.0.0 to 4.0.0, the format version is not changed, and TiDB continues to use the old format of version `1` to write data to the table, which means that **only newly created clusters use the new data format by default**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you upgrade from a TiDB version earlier than v4.0.0 to v4.0.0 or later versions, the format version is not changed, and TiDB continues to use the old format of version `1` to write data to the table, which means that **only newly created clusters use the new data format by default**.
```
